Alright it's time to create a message to do that.
I need some handlers here.
I'm going to add a messages dodgiest handlers.
Let's keep our models in the singular and our handlers in the plural inside of messages.
Yes.
I'm going to bring in all of my models.
I'll do that by requiring dot dot slash models.
And remember this is the same thing as models indexed.
Yes.
And back in my models index I once again export it out this message.
So make sure you have that as well it's going to be really important.
Now here's where things get a little bit more fun.
We're going to export a function called create message and create message is a function.
Once again it's going to be an easing function.
It's going to accept Grek.
RAZ And next we're going to do is actually think about the other functions that we might need.
We want to create a message we want to get an individual message.
This is going to be useful for maybe editing and then we want to delete the message.
So we're going to set up these three functions and we're going to take one at a time.
Creating is actually going to be the most challenging because why don't we create we have to think about
the user as well.
So what is creating going to look like.
Well like every single async function we're going to try catch and what are we going to do inside this
tri block.
We are going to make a new message.
So we're going to say let this message be the result of D.B and that message Duckery.
And inside of here when we create a message we have to pass in two properties.
We have to pass in some text and some user while the text is probably going to come from that up body
that text.
But what about the user where is the user going to come from.
Remember that this is going to be a specific ID.
And when this actually happens we're probably going to have this specific ID for that user.
Our route is probably going to look like API slash users slash some user id slash messages.
So we're going to be able to grab the idea of that user from rack up harams that ID will make this route
in a second.
But here's probably what we want to start with some kind of ID messages we're then going to do is find
that specific user let found user be the result of waiting for a user and finding it by its ID of recked
up harams that ID.
Now we need to find this user so that we can add a property onto that user while we're property we're
going to add we want to add a message to the users messages.
We're going to push in the new message that we made specifically just the ID because remember every
user needs to know what ID of that message because every user that makes a message should have that
ID of a message associated with it.
We're then going to save that user once we've saved that user we can send back the message with that
user's data as well.
So this is going to be a bit of a tricky query.
I don't want to walk through it step by step.
We are going to find a message D-B the message that fine by I.T. we're going to find it by whatever
the message id is that we got these underscore ID here as well or just a regular ID.
Either one is going to work fine.
Now we can make sure that we wait for this because it is asynchronous but I want to do one more thing
here.
I want to populate the user property and I want to populate the user property with just the user name
and the profile image.
You know and the reason for populating this is instead of just getting the ID of that user right here.
I want to get some properties about that user when I send this back.
This is going to allow my API to create a message and send me back that message immediately with the
username and the image of the user that created it.
If you think about how we're going to start putting these warbles on the page we're going to need it.
The username of the person who made it as well as their image so that we don't have to query the database
again in a different request if this works out well.
We're going to send back a status of 200.
Some Jason of our entire found message and once again if anything goes wrong we're simply going to return
next with that.
So we made this handler and that's all nice but we need to actually start using this in a wrap.
So inside of our routes we're going to make a new file called messages.
Yes.
And inside of our messages we're going to simply bring and express like we saw before.
We're going to bring in our router which is the result of express our router.
And here we need to pass in an option called merge perhaps and merge Parama allows us to get access
to the ID inside of this router.
We're going to bring in our create message from handlers messages
now instead of using our Routier dog get or not or dot post we're simply going to use the router down
Route method and I'll tell you why in a second we want to make sure that all of our routes start with
just a flash because we are going to prefix all of these routes with Slash API slash users slash ID
slash messages member we need this ID right here which is why we have the merge pro-ams of true.
So after this entire prefix I don't really need anything else.
And what's nice about that is I can attach any kind of method that I want here.
So when there is a post we are going to call create message when there is a request here.
It's a post.
We're going to call create message.
So if we had back to our indexed that yes we should be able to include these routes right here instead
of off routes.
Maybe we'll call that something like messages routes.
So will say the messages routes is the result of routes flash messages and where are we going to start
using these.
Well we're going to include them raido reader messages routes and we are going to prefix this all with
Slash API slash users slash somebody slash messages.
So any time you want to find all the messages for that user we can easily do that.
So let's go see if this gets us the messages for a specific user.
Well we're going to do is go sign in with this latest user first make sure you don't have any errors
on our server.
And it looks like we do router don't use requires a middleware function to get an object.
Seems like we're getting this problem quite a bit and it's happening because whatever we're exporting
from our router isn't really working out and this usually happens when you forget a module that exports
the router.
So it's go see that.
And it looks like we're in business.
You're going to make that mistake a bunch that's OK.
I just made it too.
So I'm going to sign in with a user name of L-E and password of secret I don't even need the username
here.
So let's do this so that I can get back the ID.
And let's go see all of my messages.
We are going to make in each DDP get to local host Katie Haiti one slash API slash users slash that
Id slash messages.
And here we see not found.
How come that's not found.
Well do I have a get to localhost API users.
I don't.
What do I have.
I have a post.
Remember inside of my router I set up this post right here.
Let's take a look at that right over here.
Inside of my Roths post.
So I'm going to post over here and I'm going to pass in some kind of text of.
We did it make sure you get those double quotes out of there.
And it looks like I actually posted successfully.
The problem is we don't really want anybody to just post to anybody else.
We don't want any user to make another message for another user.
You may not be able to guess this idea but you could try and you eventually would find the correct user
ID.
So we need to add the idea of making sure that the only person who can create a message is that user
who's logged in and to do that.
We're going to need to start using the token that we saw when we logged in successfully.
So one more time I'll sign in with this information.
We're going to need this token right here specifically this portion.
We're going to decode it.
We're going to use that information to correctly get the right user.